docs: update "Why Vite" page to reflect the current state of Vite (#21807)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/why.md

[Rolldown](https://rolldown.rs/) was built to unify both into a single bundler: written in Rust for native speed, and compatible with the same plugin API the ecosystem already relied on. It uses [Oxc](https://oxc.rs/) for parsing, transforming, and minifying. This gives Vite an end-to-end toolchain where the build tool, bundler, and compiler are maintained together and evolve as a unit.

The result is one consistent pipeline from development to [production](./build.md). The migration was done carefully: a [technical preview](https://voidzero.dev/posts/announcing-rolldown-vite) shipped first so early adopters could validate the change, ecosystem CI caught compatibility issues early, and a compatibility layer preserved existing configurations.

## Where Vite Is Heading

Vite's architecture continues to evolve. Several efforts are shaping its future:

> - **Full bundle mode**: Vite's dev server currently serves source code unbundled over native ESM. The team is exploring a mode where the dev server bundles code similarly to production, which could reduce network requests and improve startup for large projects.

Reviewer: I think this might be a bit confusing as we explained above that Vite uses an ESM-based approach than bundling, but now we're exploring bundling again. I'm not quite sure how to explain this better, but here's my attempt:
```suggestion
- **Full bundle mode**: Vite's dev server currently serves source code unbundled over native ESM. However, exceptionally large codebases can experience slow page loads due to the high number of network requests. The team is exploring a mode where the dev server bundles code similarly to production to improve this.
```
